you guys learn about yourselves we
learned that there's going to be like
tough days good opponent and some
challenges with who's in the lineup and
stuff and you know you'll still go in
and do our best and do our best and ya
know is going to meet all what all night
long how is this team people to respond
to first loss reserve team um I think
that you know we knew it was really
close and we still were able to do our
best and not let the pressure of the
spores get to us we're really good at
not taking the scores too much into a
cannon just doing what we know how to do
and you know we have we have lots of
areas we can improve and we're going to
do that and I mean keep getting better
what's made the fans about an apology oh
it's gonna be fun I'm excited I'm glad
to be at home again and I hope people
come to it